We leave from the southern thicket to the great southern river at the
county of green valley
We know more seriously than it is to be born.
It was opined that he knew great field styles
through the communication system each album
The alternative is the sea
on the third chance so a rather new thing for our region
her this week
available with the currency
in passing in the consciousness of the historical series in the very beautiful canopy
on the property of marseilles
there are two different types of sun
we will do
in both the owner translated the jazz style
and to his surprise the germination of the legume was a success the show here
in this place
he has a little clay in one place little mirim of the armpit
the other passage further is the most sandy soil
here too but not so much
but he gives us both in the armpit
and in the analysis also in the delivery of the weak novel - the weak
ef
the passage of the farm on the most viable
the temperature has reached approximately
the world
the style rims endured
and moreover
would be great repairs
green color
the frost was done in the medina was very strong
but the frost did not burn him helo forks
that last year was postponed at the beginning of the month of
September
and it is not very normal to increase compared to July and August
ae as the frost was initiative angle delayed a little rule so he he
grow same, so he stayed
Such a small talavera today he came and only read South and leader although with
all
still no but my movies always send it away
and the frost not at random he the frost did not come to burn a jihad hashim of 2 3
degrees more or less the temperature in the
and no field entered
and he endured
As soon as it heated up, I remembered everything.
it's the
I think we see here, right?
he
at the time I noticed low or old
they ate him a lot right
he left after the end of September everything began to sprout and gave ap
the creator of victim sheep
the pastor victor d making consortium odebrecht innocents great field
romário anos vicente and also the banco debate
only with the legume with us
there will be respect and you have fun on pickets
several pikes have to drain the year
biden criticized a beacon and the style consorcitado chance
I explained that I wanted to force the years
until the experimental test in the
ia auria is better at aruana
and for the year the fiscal partner of the mantiqueira thought that no
functional very well
but it was a six year experience I decided that your side here
also works
where it has cleared last years also although there
worked so well
after the intervention
three hours before the sheep learned to appreciate teaching
but he was pleased
the result
My tip for the producers in general is the water rise higher
I did not detect style using his comrades from the Andes after the
remaining
for those who want to deal with the cooperated mainly with the social the latter
years as the brachiaria vicente
or maybe even other brachiaria I think I do not know
he is very good
I think it's a complement with the brachiaria